update: Recommend Argon2id when using Bitwarden (#2713)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/passwords.md

Bitwarden's server-side code is [open source](https://github.com/bitwarden/server), so if you don't want to use the Bitwarden cloud, you can easily host your own Bitwarden sync server.

> Bitwarden uses [PBKDF2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PBKDF2) as its key derivation function by default. It also offers [Argon2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argon2), which is more secure, as an alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bitwarden uses [PBKDF2](https://bitwarden.com/help/kdf-algorithms/#pbkdf2) as its key derivation function by default. It also offers [Argon2](https://bitwarden.com/help/kdf-algorithms/#argon2id), which is more secure, as an alternative.
```
